- To ==simplify== the project and ==assuming== the CTO, CEO, and CFO have equal roles, we propose setting the weekly salary at 50% capacity for 1000 Euros. 


## 1. As-Is Analysis 
- So have a look at the first Task. 
- As you can see, the responsible persons and the work provider are ==distinguished==. 
- In the last column, the total cost, ==inclusive== of personnel salaries, will be computed. 
- The WPs are ... 
- In order to ==achieve== these, we may need to 
	- Purchase some professional ==instruments, or software== to get more ==precise== results. 
	- Gather ==historical== energy consumption data for the university, to ensure the ==accuracy of the data== through comparison. That's why ==THU== is also in the table. 
	- Hire some ==professionals== to do, for example, a survey of the rooftop, to deduce the ==feasibility== of installing solar panels. 

## 2. Optimization of energy usage 
- The WPs are ... 
- For the first 3 Work Packages, we ==don't== need to spend money on purchases. 
- But the last WP will cost ==a large part== of the budget. Because, for example, based on previous analyses, it will be necessary to ==increase the insulation== and ==replace equipment== that consumes a lot of energy. 

## 3.1. Internal: Evaluation 
- The WPs are ... 
- We will first ==evaluate== the energy system and then ==convert== it into costs that are easy to understand. 

## 3.2. External: Evaluation 
- For external energy sources, the ==same principle== applies. 

## 4. Practical Implementation 
- These will take ==a big part== of the budget. 
- Because the ==ordering and installation== of solar panels, for example, is the ==heart== of our entire project. 
- ==Coordination== of the installation does not consume a large part of the budget, e.g. only regular supervision is required. 
- But it's very ==time-consuming==, as will be shown later. 